docs: [DHIS2-18603] add Bulk data entry Plugin developer portal docs (#4066)
dhis2/capture-app: docs/developer/bulk-data-entry-plugin/manual-setup.mdx

1. Access your DHIS2 Data Store Management app
2. Create a new key called `bulkDataEntry` in the `capture` namespace
3. The data store interface should look similar to this:

![Data store management app](../resources/data-store-management-bulk-data-entry-empty.png)

## Configuration Structure

In the `bulkDataEntry` key you created, you can store your bulk data entry form configurations. The structure is as follows:

```json title="capture/bulkDataEntry"
{
    "version": 1,
    "config": []
}
```

The `version` field indicates the configuration version as a number. The `config` array contains one or more bulk data entry configuration objects. Below is an example showcasing three different configurations:

```json title="capture/bulkDataEntry"
{
    "version": 1,
    "config": [
        {
            "title": {
                "en": "Routine visit"
            },
            "dataKey": "routineVisit",
            "subtitle": {
                "en": "Covers all patient visit forms"
            },
            "configKey": "routineVisit",
            "programId": "IpHINAT79UW",

>             "pluginSource": "https://debug.dhis2.org/dev"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "pluginSource": "https://debug.dhis2.org/dev/api/apps/routine-visit/plugin.html"
```

(Similar suggestion for the other ones, i.e. make them look a plugin URL)

        },
        {
            "title": {
                "es": "Tratamiento",
                "en": "Treatment",
                "fr": "Traitement",
                "no": "Behandling"
            },
            "configKey": "treatment",
            "programId": "IpHINAT79UW",
            "pluginSource": "https://developers.dhis2.org/docs/capture-plugins/developer/getting-started"
        },
        {
            "title": {
                "en": "Case based surveillance"
            },
            "subtitle": {
                "en": "Covers ad-hoc visits and RMNCH238972"
            },
            "configKey": "caseBasedSurveillance",
            "programId": "uy2gU8kT1jF",
            "pluginSource": "https://docs.dhis2.org/en/home.html"
        }
    ]
}
```

### Configuration Fields

Each configuration object requires the following fields:

| Field | Required | Description |
|-------|----------|-------------|
| `configKey` | Yes | A unique identifier for the configuration. Must be unique across all configurations. |

> | `dataKey` | No | An optional identifier for data storage. If not specified, the `configKey` will be used. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `dataKey` | No | An optional identifier that is not used internally by the App but is passed through to the plugin. This property is intended for advanced usage and can be used by the plugin to maintain separate in-progress caches for a given `configKey`. |
```
Would also suggest moving this one to the bottom of the list.

> | `programId` | Yes | The ID of the program where this bulk data entry configuration will be used. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `programId` | Yes | The identifier of the program where this bulk data entry will be available. |
```

| `title` | Yes | The display title of the configuration. Supports multiple languages using locale codes (e.g., "en", "es"). |
| `subtitle` | No | An optional subtitle for the configuration. Supports multiple languages using locale codes. |
| `dataKey` | No | An optional identifier that is not used internally by the app but is passed through to the plugin. This property is intended for advanced usage and can be used by the plugin to maintain separate in-progress caches for a given `configKey`. |

## Selecting a Plugin Configuration

Once configured, bulk data entry plugins are accessible in multiple locations throughout the Capture app. You'll find them displayed as widgets on both the Program overview and Search pages:

![Widget bulk data entry main page](../resources/widget-bulk-data-entry-main-page.png)
![Widget bulk data entry search page](../resources/widget-bulk-data-entry-search-page.png)

> The plugins can also be accessed via dropdown menus from the tracked entities working lists or the program stages working lists:

Reviewer: I wasn't able to get this to work with a plugin I made; is this screenshot below where one would find that option?

<img width="1202" alt="capture-enrollment-view" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bbe81049-369a-4a9c-9385-3befa9e04134" />

---

> title: Manual setup

Reviewer 3: NIT: Title case. `(Bulk data entry Plugin)` is added behind the title on the _Developer Details_ doc. Would that be helpful here as well?

sidebar_label: Manual setup
id: manual-setup
---

> # Manual setup

Reviewer 3: Since you have `title: Manual setup`, I think this can be removed to prevent double heading.
